dear friend it is my time to say goodbye
my legs are weakening my sight failing
smells are faint my spirit is fading and
I have been called home and away from
you although I have been called away
I'll leave you with the memories of our
life together I remember a cold winter's
night when you sang to me in the dark as
the wind howled and snow drifted outside
the window I felt your loneliness and
knew my work I never tired of watching
you of being with you while you lived
your life I supported your life wherever
it went
whatever you felt whatever you did I was
your witness your Testament I remember
walking in the snow and running
alongside you and chasing after balls
frisbees sticks and sitting by you when
you read books or watched baseball games
I remember my heart jumping out of my
chest when you came home and called my
name or grabbed the ball or took me
outside or fed me I hope you know that I
loved all of those things whatever you
chose to bring me and give me whatever
time you spend with me I loved
and I thank you by now you must know
that there is always a goodbye hovering
in the shadow of the dog
we are never here for long or for long
enough we were never meant to share all
of your life only two markets passages
we come in we go
we come when we are needed we leave when
it is time death is necessary it defines
life I will see you again I will watch
over you I hope in your grief and
loneliness that you will consider how
sad it would have been had not had this
time together not had the chance to give
each other so much I do not mourn nor
grieve but I will miss standing beside
you bound together on our walk through
life even as I know there is a long line
of others waiting to take my place and
stand with you thank you it was nothing
but a gift and finally I ask these
things of you remember me celebrate me
grieve for me and then when you can let
me go freely and in peace and when you
are ready do me the great favor bringing
another animal into your life so you can
give and receive this gift again
you